Changed links of community doc to product doc (#230)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.10.0/modules/en/pages/data-integrity-recovery/data-recovery/recover-without-system.adoc

. Set argument `output-format` by replacing `<OUTPUT_FORMAT>`. The supported options are `raw` or `qcow2`.
. Set argument `longhorn-version` by replacing `<LONGHORN_VERSION>`, e.g. `v{current-version}`
. Set the S3 Credential Secret by replacing `<S3_SECRET_NAME>`, e.g. `minio-secret`.

>  ** The credential secret can be referenced https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/storage/1.10.0/en/snapshots-backups/volume-snapshots-backups/configure-backup-target.html#_set_up_aws_s3_backupstore[here] and must be created in the `longhorn-system' namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ** The credential secret can be referenced xref:snapshots-backups/volume-snapshots-backups/configure-backup-target.adoc#_set_up_aws_s3_backupstore[here] and must be created in the `longhorn-system' namespace.
```
